[A18 GASPS]
[CELL]
You forget... I know you.
You can't help but be curious
to see what I'll become;
it's in your blood.
Your race lives for
the thrill of battle.
The stronger your opponent
the more you welcome it.
Anything that gives you
a chance to test your mettle.
It's true, isn't it.
You know I'm right.
You want to see
my full power.
Your pride won't let
you have it any other way.
And not just your pride...
You are the Prince
of the Saiyans.
The pride of your
entire warrior race
rests on your shoulders.
♪ opening song ♪
[CELL]
Unless you face me
in my perfect form,
you'll never really know if
you're the most powerful warrior
in the universe, will you?
[VEGETA LAUGHS]
You do know me well.
I'd be lying if
I said I wasn't intrigued.
Say what...?!
Alright then...
I'll allow myself to be
goaded into your trap.
Go on, obtain this
so-called "perfect form."
No, Dad...! Stop him!
If you let him go now--
[VEGETA]
Silence Trunks!
I would take no pride in
defeating this pathetic worm
in his current state.
[TRUNKS]
Forget your
pride for once!
There's too
much at stake!
I said... Silence!
Go... Now.
I'll be right
here waiting, Cell.
[CELL LAUGHS]
Ahh...
My father might condone
this... but I will not!
[CELL GROWLS]
Sorry, Bulma...
I know how hard you
worked on this. But...
[A18 GASPS]
[HISSING]
You have to get out of here.
This'll all be for nothing
if you let Cell find you.
Now go!
[A18]
I don't understand.
You had me.
You could have shut me down
before I even realized
you were here.
Why would you
just let me go?
Well... Well I...
Move it, boy!
I don't have the patience
to deal with you right now.
I have an android to find!
You can forget about reaching
your perfect form, Cell.
What?!
If you want Eighteen,
you'll have to
get past me first.
Why you... Fine!
If that's the way you want it!
[CELL YELLS]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[CELL GRUNTS]
[SPLASH]
[VEGETA] Trunks...!
Don't interfere!
Yeah, control your brat!
Get up here and do
something before I--
[CELL GASPS]
[CELL THINKING]
Android Eighteen...
I've found her!
Oh, no!
[CELL THINKING]
I knew it...!
I knew she was close!
She's been right here under
my nose this whole time!
It's really happening!
I will finally realize
the full potential of my design!
The ultimate strength!
Speed! Agility! Intellect...!
At last,
I will know perfection!
[TRUNKS]
What are they doing?!
They aren't even paying
attention to us over here!
I thought...
you wanted to destroy us.
So why smash the controller?
Well... because uh...
[KRILLIN THINKING]
I can't even get two words out
with her looking
at me like that.
Look, the reason's not
important right now!
All that matters
is getting you
as far away from
Cell as possible!
So go... If you stay here
and Cell absorbs you,
that means game over
for the whole world!
[A18 GASPS]
[TRUNKS] Hey!
You've been spotted!
Run for it!
What?!
Huh...?
[A18 GASPS]
Don't even think about it!
[TRUNKS YELLS]
Excellent...
It's looking like I won't
have to wait very long at all.
[TRUNKS YELLS]
[MULTIPLE EXPLOSIONS]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
All right...!
His energy's disappeared!
Watch out!
Cell's masking his power
and moving underground!
Hey come on...
We need to go!
[A18]
Yeah. Right...
Come on, Sixteen.
Sixteen, get up!
Leave me... Go.
Save yourself.
I can do nothing for
you but slow you down.
Go on, run!
[EXPLOSION]
[A18 AND KRILLIN YELL]
[CELL] Eighteen...
[CELL LAUGHS]
[TRUNKS YELLS]
This is my fight
to win, Trunks!
You will not
rob me of my glory!
Huh...?
[VEGETA YELLS]
Ahh...!
Hmph...
[CELL LAUGHS]
Nice to see
you again, Eighteen.
Huh...?
[BUZZING]
Don't push your luck, Sixteen.
You look like you're on the
verge of shutdown as it is.
[BUZZING]
Besides, Vegeta has decided to
help me obtain my perfect form.
You'd have to contend
with him as well.
Vegeta...
That traitor...!
So... let's get
on with the feast.
I've been looking forward
to this meal for a long time.
Ahh...
Vegeta...!
[BULMA]
What? What about Vegeta?
Is something wrong?
Hey!
I'm talking to
you back here!
What's going on?
Spit it out!
[PICCOLO THINKING]
What's taking so long, Goku?
Get out here and
stop this madness!
What are you doing, Cell?
Get on with it...!
You aren't going to accomplish
anything by stalling!
[CELL LAUGHS]
[KRILLIN]
Why you...!
[KRILLIN YELLS]
Little pest...
[THUD]
[A16 YELLS]
Good effort, Sixteen.
It's more than I'd expect from
a broken down
mechanical puppet.
But I do think
I've seen enough.
[CELL LAUGHS]
[A16 YELLS]
Monster...!
[A18 YELLS]
[EXPLOSION]
[TRUNKS YELLS]
[TRUNKS]
This has
to stop, Dad!
You're making
a huge mistake!
What if Cell's power ends up
being too much for us?!
What happens then?!
Ha...
What's wrong with you?
Any Saiyan would be excited
to see this "perfect form."
No... I don't
need to see it!
Hmm...
I've already seen one future
turned into a nightmare!
I'm not going to stand here
and watch it happen again!
Even if that
means fighting you!
[TRUNKS YELLS]
Is that so?
[VEGETA LAUGHS]
Who are you trying to fool?!
You're too soft-hearted
to attack your own father.
I call your bluff.
Take your best shot!
Ahh...!
[TRUNKS YELLS]
[A18 YELLS]
[CELL LAUGHS]
[KRILLIN GRUNTS]
[KRILLIN GASPS]
Oh man, he's got her!
No... Run... Eighteen!
[CELL LAUGHS]
[A18 GASPS]
I can't watch!
[CELL LAUGHS]
[TRUNKS YELLS]
Go! Now...!
Get as far away from
here as you can! Hurry!
You little...!
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
Leave me here...
Run, Eighteen!
I won't go without you!
[KRILLIN LAUGHS]
You're... still here?
So... he actually did it.
Perhaps he's not
as soft as I thought.
That disrespectful little brat!
[FOOTSTEPS]
[GOHAN BREATHES HEAVILY]
[GOHAN GROWLS]
Huh...?
I passed out
again, didn't I?
I'm sorry, Dad.
I know I'm holding you back
from your own training.
I'll try harder
next time, promise!
Hey... Don't be
so hard on yourself.
Going Super Saiyan
ain't easy.
You'll get there.
'Kay!
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[CELL GROWLS]
Heh... Oh no you don't.
[CELL]
You really think you
can get away from me?!
[CELL LAUGHS]
[A18 GASPS]
There's no escape
this time... Eighteen.
Ah...!
That punk! Ahh...!
Solar Flare!
[A18]
I can't see!
[TRUNKS GRUNTS]
Now... I'm gonna take my time
and savor you properly.
[KRILLIN SCREAMS]
[CELL LAUGHS]
Why you freak!
[A18 SCREAMS]
[CELL GROWLS]
[CELL SCREAMS]
Let her go!
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
Eight-teen!
[A18 SCREAMS]
[TRUNKS GRUNTS]
[RUMBLING]
So, he really is transforming...
Now we'll see if
this perfect form
is all he made it out to be.
[VEGETA THINKING]
Heh... He's certainly
taking his time.
This had better
be worth the wait.
There's no way
I'm letting this happen!
[ELECTRICAL ARCING]
[ELECTRICAL BUZZING]
Something bad just
happened, didn't it?
All of a sudden, it feels like
the whole tower is vibrating.
Yeah, it's Cell.
His energy level
just exploded.
[LIGHTNING STRIKES]
[ELECTRICAL BUZZING]
[KRILLIN THINKING]
This is all my fault.
Why didn't I shut down
Android Eighteen
when I had the chance?!
[ELECTRICAL BUZZING]
Enough...! I refuse to let
you destroy another future!
[TRUNKS YELLS]
[TRUNKS GRUNTS]
[CELL SCREAMS]
[TRUNKS SCREAMS]
[DENDE BREATHES HEAVILY]
[DENDE]
Grand Elder!
Ah, Dende... so you
sense it too, do you?
Uh-huh... Whatever it is,
it feels like pure evil.
Our friends back on Earth
are in terrible danger,
aren't they, Elder?
[MOORI] I fear
you're correct.
But even worse, I fear
an evil of this magnitude
could threaten
not just the Earth,
but the entire
universe as well...
[LIGHTNING STRIKES]
[EXPLOSION]
Looks like you're
finally finished.
Cell has reached
his perfect form.
[BULMA GASPS]
But... how...?
I thought that Krillin...
Didn't he use
the controller I made?
What, did it not work?
We'll never know...
At the last second,
Krillin smashed it.
[BULMA GASPS]
What would possess
him to do that?!
[BABY TRUNKS CRIES]
Come on, Vegeta.
Don't you fail us.
[NARRATOR]
Cell's dream of reaching
his perfect form
has finally come true.
But for the rest of the world,
the nightmare is
just beginning...
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[TRUNKS]
Hey, this is Trunks.
We're in trouble.
Cell's perfect form
is even mor--
[VEGETA]
Ah, Trunks! How dare
you attack me?!
[TRUNKS]
I'm sorry!
I was only trying to stop
Cell from transforming!
[VEGETA]
And what would that have proved,
defeating a worthless opponent?!
I want a challenge!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
[VEGETA]
It's only when were pushed
to our absolute limits
that we Saiyans
can truly shine!